Update breadcrumbs to developer tools: integrations a-e (#43298)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/deconz.markdown

### Finding your events

> Navigate to **Settings** > **Developer tools** > **Events**. In the section **Listen to events** add `deconz_event` and press **START LISTENING**. All events from deCONZ will now be shown and by pushing your remote button while monitoring the log it should be fairly easy to find the events you are looking for.

Author: ```suggestion
Go to {% my developer_events title="**Settings** > **Developer Tools** > **Events**" %}. In the section **Listen to events** add `deconz_event` and press **START LISTENING**. All events from deCONZ will now be shown and by pushing your remote button while monitoring the log it should be fairly easy to find the events you are looking for.
```

> Go to {% my developer_events title="**Settings** > **Developer Tools** > **Events**" %}. In the section **Listen to events** add `deconz_event` and press **START LISTENING**. All events from deCONZ will now be shown and by pushing your remote button while monitoring the log it should be fairly easy to find the events you are looking for.

Author: ```suggestion
Go to {% my developer_events title="**Settings** > **Developer tools** > **Events**" %}. In the section **Listen to events** add `deconz_event` and press **START LISTENING**. All events from deCONZ will now be shown and by pushing your remote button while monitoring the log it should be fairly easy to find the events you are looking for.
```
